I can't see doing we don't want to see
you I see that oh good let meds bottom
there all right I'm doing in on your
meds world right now that's bull he's
not all there guys this is rollin animal
it's rolling this is a big boy okay then
one to move there what you like to drink
a lot of do you like a drink a lotta
juice no one there was a would like to
do a lot of people like to drink away
away away away the muzu name was Fred
suppose his name was Fred he liked to
drink his juice in bed like a drink you
soo soo baxa move his name was Fred
Brewster and bushra would like to drink
his juice in bed like a drink mr. Sabet
sing in a way of sneaking away
way away away away well okay now try the
stinky moves out front the stinking rose
to drink and I did you realize the drink
alot of juice the stinky Moustakas
taking moose she likes to drink a lot of
juice like to drink a lot away away away
yeah haha